well yesterday I had a boxing on
abortion since i hadn't ordered anything
i had no idea what it was or it was from
got it inside and read the label and I
knew who it was from Jill my most
favorite people in the world and on
YouTube and I got a note from and it's
to me and my wife and it said we thought
you would like some fresh homegrown
tomatoes now they know that i saved the
green ones and i let them ripen on their
porch and we just ate the last one
saturday and for the first time in a
long time because i think some of the
tomatoes had hit got frost a little bit
on them we lost about fifty percent
lagrimas before they turned right so
anyway I waited for my brother get home
so she could see my Christmas present
and all i did is opened it up and pick
this to make this up and i said well
this can't be a tomato because it's too
heavy and it's too way too big and that
did this the two hands last night and
i'm having hold the camera and so I said
it's got to be a jar and I thought was a
quart jar that folks let's sit this
right here that is a big tomato I have a
cross pin it's as big as this girl's fan
it's just because my hand I need to
weigh it it feels like it weighs
probably two pounds now that is the
biggest tomato I have ever think about
what's it going to the fair I would
enter that one but I've never grown one
that big and bless their hearts they're
sending me
six Tomatoes and they will be enjoyed
but you know you've got to have one heck
of a piece of bread to have that old
good great made a sandwich for some
don't get upset Duke's mayonnaise and
lettuce on it now like mine with a
little Swiss cheese and bacon head mad
either but that's a big tomato and
that's a from Susan and Bobby they're
great people they helped me get started
in the YouTube video business I called
Bobby person I told him what I wanted to
do and he thought it was a good idea and
I call Susan and asked her about it and
she thought it was a good idea and then
Susan sponsored me early with the
suggestion that people should watch my
videos by doing a video you have one of
my slide shows with the that she added
comments to and Bobby mentioned me a
very growing seeds and now I have
twenty-three hundred subscribers and I'm
pushing 400,000 views and I'd like to
thank everybody who has subscribed or
watches this video for helping me get
established in YouTube and one wish
merry christmas and happy New Year to
everybody happy new year Merry Christmas
2013 Thank You Bobby and Susan we will
enjoy it